What we have here is a pivot table having our sales per month for 2016 and 2017.
And as you can see here,
we've got two filters on our pivot table.
We've got the customer filter and the region filter.
What we need to do is to create a worksheet for each customer here,
our customers air three companies Millennium,
true life and visionary.
And we need to create a worksheet for each customer having a pivot table with the numbers
for that particular customer filtered.
So where we can do is select a cell Insight are pivot table,
go to the analyzed tab on the ribbon and then under options.
Here we go to show,
report,
filter pages,
and then we're going to select our customer show all report,
filter pages off.
We're gonna select customer,
and this will create a worksheet or a tab in a workbook for each particular customer.
So we're gonna have three tops for each other three customers if you click.
OK,
here.
You can see here we've got a top for millennium,
Another one for true life,
Another one for visionary.
And as you can see in each worksheet or in each top you can see here the pivot table is
filtered for that particular customer.
As you can see here,
true life is filtered for to life,
and visionary is filtered provisionally.
Now what we can do is that we can group these sheets and print them,
for example,
so that we can have a page for each customer.
So to do that,
we're going to select one customer,
and then we're gonna present hold the shift bun,
and then we're going to select here.
The sheet for the loss concerns you consider it selects all the sheets in between on now we
can press control and pee on our keyboard for printing.
And now we can print the worksheet you can see here.
We've got three pages,
one for millennium,
the other one here for true life and 1/3 1 for visionary.
Now we can print our report here.
We're gonna print it to a pdf,
so I'm gonna click on print here and now I'm gonna save it to my desktop.
And this is gonna be sales per customer.
I'm going to save it.
And when we open our pdf,
you can see here We've got a pdf report here with the sales for each of our customers on a
different page.
Now we can UN group are sheets by right clicking on any of them and then on group sheets.
And this is how you can own group your sheets again after grouping them.
And now this is how you can spread a filter on multiple worksheets so that you can print a
report with each item off the filter on a different page.